- [Instructor] One of the features of Java
that is often overlooked or best misunderstood
is accessibility.
Good software development practices
from a security perspective must keep this functionality
in mind.
Limiting accessibility in Java
is relatively straightforward.
Public is just that;
it's public for anyone consuming your code.
Only mark things public
if you expect them to be consumed
and have taken adequate measures to protect that code
when it is consumed.
If your class or interface should not be consumed
outside its containing package,
it should be marked as package private.
You can further protect your packages
by using the package access security property.
Now this isn't a touch-free setting
and before you consider using it,
I suggest you do some research
and fully understand its impact.
In addition, class methods, members, and constructors
should be protected if they should not be exposed
to outside consumers.
Constructors can be private.
You can control object construction
through static public or protected builders
if you need to control the object construction routine.
Finally, to prevent unintended extension of your packages,
consider sealing your packages
as part of your JAR manifest.
Doing so will ensure that only class files from your package
within your JAR can be loaded into the class loader.
Because package protections are at your class loader level,
sealing the packages in your JAR
will ensure your protections are not circumvented.